Rename `ipython_mode` to `numbered_prompt` (#49314)
JuliaLang/julia: HISTORY.md

* The contextual module which is active in the REPL can be changed (it is `Main` by default),
  via the `REPL.activate(::Module)` function or via typing the module in the REPL and pressing
  the keybinding Alt-m ([#33872]).

> * An "Numbered prompt" which mimics the behaviour of the prompts and storing the evaluated result in `Out` can be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* A "numbered prompt" mode which prints numbers for each input and output and stores evaluated results in `Out` can be
```
